hey guys this is Swift ninja reviews and
today I have the brand new Godzilla pack
of destruction so I found this at Target
for $8.99 and it looks very cool so I
think that's probably a good deal this
is based on the new movie that is coming
out in May and I'm very excited for it
so in this pack we have a Godzilla a
smaller sized version and the figures
I've reviewed before it has a little
plane and it has a little building here
and now the thing about this is that you
can put the building up and he'll smash
it so it looks pretty cool on the back
it says collect them all and there's a
couple different ones I have that one
and then there's this other one I forgot
its name someone tell me what that one's
name in the comments below is um and
this one has a helicopter in a different
city so you can get all sorts of stuff
with it so this is made by Bondi so
let's get this open and see how it looks
alright this here
okay so let's first check out Godzilla
cuz he is awesome so here is Godzilla it
appears that his arms move and his legs
move that's it and that's okay because
it was a smaller sized figure and it
really looks good see he's each eye is
painted nicely and the teeth are
individually painted it looks like looks
really really nice and his hands seem to
fit the airplane really well so he can
eat it because he likes to eat stuff
look at that he holds it very nicely
it's very cool so let's check out the
building pieces here put him back there
for now so here's this piece and here's
this one this is the big giant one that
goes in the middle and then take this
put it wait this one go oh right there
that one's pretty tall building and
here's a little plane I'll put the point
at the top cuz I can't really fly so
let's try destroying it here we go
wait you I think you got it okay oh you
got it Godzilla you got it you got it Oh
No Godzilla's going to destroy the
entire city in seconds oh snap it's a
giant Godzilla
so this is a really really cool set I
highly recommend it and I'm probably
going to get the other one that is also
available so if you liked this review
don't forget to subscribe rate and give
us a comment and we'll have more videos
of all kinds coming soon getting reviews
toy reviews giveaways all that sorts of
stuff all here swift ninja reviews
thanks for watching everybody and I'll
see you guys next time
Oh No Godzilla